feat(content-releases): add status to releases (#19502)
strapi/strapi: docs/docs/docs/01-core/content-releases/01-backend.md

packages/core/content-releases/server/src/services/scheduling.ts
```

### Release status update triggers:

> Considering that retrieving the status of all entries in a release is a heavy operation, we don't fetch it every time a user wants to access a release. Instead, we store the status in a field within the Release Content Type, and we only update it when an action that changes the status is triggered. These actions include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to minimize the overhead of retrieving the status of all entries within a release, we have implemented an optimization strategy. Instead of fetching the status every time a user accesses a release, we store it in a dedicated field within the Release Content Type. This status field is updated only when specific actions occur that necessitate a change in status. These actions include:
```

#### Creating a release:

> When creating a release, its status is automatically set to "Empty" as there are no entries initially.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon creation, a release's status is automatically designated as 'Empty,' reflecting the absence of any entries at the outset.
```

#### Adding an entry to a release:

> Upon adding an entry to a release, its status is recalculated to either "Ready" or "Blocked" based on the validity of the added entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an entry is added to a release, its status is recalculated, transitioning to either "Ready" or "Blocked" based on the validity of the newly added entry.
```
